Begin working Morello into the exercise documentation. (#36)
CTSRD-CHERI/cheri-exercises: src/introduction/release.md

# Running Exercises with the CHERI Software Release

The Summer 2021 release of the [CHERI Software
Stack](https://cheri-dist.cl.cam.ac.uk/) contains pre-built versions
of all of the exercises described in this course, allowing you to work
throught the exercises without first needing to build them from
sources.

> With the CHERI Software Release installed, run either the CHERI-RISCV

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the CHERI Software Release installed, run either the CHERI-RISC-V
```

`./docker-cheribuild run-riscv64-purecap`

or

`./docker-cheribuild run-morello-purecap`

and wait for the system to boot.

Once the system is booted login with the `root` account.  No password
is required.

During the boot process the system will show you how to properly mount
the various external resources, which include the pre-built versions
of the exercises.  Scroll back to where you issued your
`./docker-cheribuild` command and find these lines:

```
Providing /source over SMB to the guest. Use `mkdir -p /srcroot && mount_smbfs -I 10.0.2.4 -N //10.0.2.4/source_root /srcroot` to mount it
Providing /build over SMB to the guest. Use `mkdir -p /buildroot && mount_smbfs -I 10.0.2.4 -N //10.0.2.4/build_root /buildroot` to mount it
Providing /output over SMB to the guest. Use `mkdir -p /outputroot && mount_smbfs -I 10.0.2.4 -N //10.0.2.4/output_root /outputroot` to mount it
Providing /output/rootfs-riscv64-purecap over SMB to the guest. Use
`mkdir -p /rootfs && mount_smbfs -I 10.0.2.4 -N //10.0.2.4/rootfs
/rootfs` to mount it
```

At the root prompt `#` mount the `outputroot` directory:

`mkdir -p /outputroot && mount_smbfs -I 10.0.2.4 -N //10.0.2.4/output_root /outputroot`

> The pre-built exercises for CHERI-RISCV can be found in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The pre-built exercises for CHERI-RISC-V can be found in the
```

-rwxr-xr-x  1 root  wheel  15904 Aug 29 04:55 buffer-overflow-fnptr-cheri
-rwxr-xr-x  1 root  wheel  23336 Aug 29 04:55 buffer-overflow-fnptr-riscv64
-rwxr-xr-x  1 root  wheel  23440 Aug 29 04:55 buffer-overflow-riscv64
-rwxr-xr-x  1 root  wheel  15432 Aug 29 04:55 buffer-overflow-subobject-cheri
-rwxr-xr-x  1 root  wheel  15432 Aug 29 04:55 buffer-overflow-subobject-cheri-subobject-safe
-rwxr-xr-x  1 root  wheel  22976 Aug 29 04:55 buffer-overflow-subobject-riscv64
-rwxr-xr-x  1 root  wheel  16288 Aug 29 04:55 long-over-pipe-cheri
-rwxr-xr-x  1 root  wheel  23448 Aug 29 04:55 long-over-pipe-riscv64
-rwxr-xr-x  1 root  wheel  15072 Aug 29 04:55 print-capability
-rwxr-xr-x  1 root  wheel  15008 Aug 29 04:55 print-pointer-cheri
-rwxr-xr-x  1 root  wheel  22688 Aug 29 04:55 print-pointer-riscv64
-rwxr-xr-x  1 root  wheel  16432 Aug 29 04:55 ptr-over-pipe-cheri
-rwxr-xr-x  1 root  wheel  23496 Aug 29 04:55 ptr-over-pipe-riscv64
-rwxr-xr-x  1 root  wheel  15384 Aug 29 04:55 union-int-ptr-cheri
-rwxr-xr-x  1 root  wheel  22896 Aug 29 04:55 union-int-ptr-riscv64
```

You can now work through the exercises without having to build each

> exercise by hand.

Reviewer: The final exercise, "Demonstrate pointer revocation", can't be done because it needs a build of the temporal safety caprevoke branch
